feat: Added density table prop to allow condensed table (#265)
iTwin/iTwinUI-react: CHANGELOG.md

### What's new

- **Added new `Fieldset` component** for grouping inputs.

> - **`Table` now has new prop to reduce row height for a condensed or extra-condensed table** through `density` prop.

Reviewer: Wording can be improved.
```suggestion
- **Added new `density` prop to `Table`** to reduce row height for a condensed or extra-condensed table.
```
